README.md, before:

#Spaceteam Lexicons

A repository for various lexicons for the mobile game [Spaceteam](http://www.sleepingbeastgames.com/spaceteam/).

## Why a git repo?

There are a few reasons for me creating this, but the main one is collaboration. If I make something, and you want to change it, go ahead. If someone else does something and you want to change it, go head. Fork this repository, make your changes, then submit a pull request. 

## Adding your own lexicon

You must have backed the Kickstarter at the Ensigneer level or higher in order to create lexicons for Spaceteam.

1. Log into the lexicogulator  
  To do this, log into the [Admiral's Club Forum](http://spaceteamadmiralsclub.com/forum/), and click the Member's Area button (it should be yellow/gold). Scroll down, and there should be a button to take you to the Lexicogulator.

2. Click the New Lexicon button  
  This should be a green button on the left side.
  
3. Make your lexicon public  
  This way you get the keyword for your lexicon.
  
4. Fork this repository  
  There are blank files in the `.blank` folder, and the originals are in `.default`.  
  You can also find the defaults on the lexicogulator page itself.
  
5. Create a new folder with the name of your keyword.  
  This is so it doesn't get confusing as to what lexicon goes with which keyword, and also helps prevent duplicate folder names.
  
6. Submit a pull request

7. Don't forget to apply your changes on the lexicogulator page

Commit message:

Add note to README
Added a small note relating to modifying lexicons that are not your own.

README.md, after:

#Spaceteam Lexicons

A repository for various lexicons for the mobile game [Spaceteam](http://www.sleepingbeastgames.com/spaceteam/).

## Why a git repo?

There are a few reasons for me creating this, but the main one is collaboration. If I make something, and you want to change it, go ahead. If someone else does something and you want to change it, go head. Fork this repository, make your changes, then submit a pull request. 

## Adding your own lexicon

You must have backed the Kickstarter at the Ensigneer level or higher in order to create lexicons for Spaceteam.

1. Log into the lexicogulator  
  To do this, log into the [Admiral's Club Forum](http://spaceteamadmiralsclub.com/forum/), and click the Member's Area button (it should be yellow/gold). Scroll down, and there should be a button to take you to the Lexicogulator.

2. Click the New Lexicon button  
  This should be a green button on the left side.
  
3. Make your lexicon public  
  This way you get the keyword for your lexicon.
  
4. Fork this repository  
  There are blank files in the `.blank` folder, and the originals are in `.default`.  
  You can also find the defaults on the lexicogulator page itself.
  
5. Create a new folder with the name of your keyword.  
  This is so it doesn't get confusing as to what lexicon goes with which keyword, and also helps prevent duplicate folder names.
  
6. Submit a pull request

7. Don't forget to apply your changes on the lexicogulator page  
  Note: I am not responsible for other people's lexicons. If your favourite lexicon hasn't updated, don't blame me.

## Modifying Others' lexicons

If you're going to make changes to someone else's lexicon, please @mention them in your pull request. If they say "yes" to your changes, then I'm happy to merge them into the master branch.
